Prompt	Category	Type	Spotlight	Tier
I am...	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
I believe...	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
I reject...	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
Who am I really?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
Who do I think I am?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
What is my superpower?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
My best non-physical qualities are...	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
My strengths are...	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
My spirit animal is...	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
What about myself do I want to keep forever?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
What am I trying to prove to myself? Why is that important?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
What do I find inspiring?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
What do my childhood dreams mean to me now?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
What do my relationships reflect about me?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	2
What is important to me?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
What self-belief do I have that does not serve me anymore?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	2
If my life were a book, the names of the title and this chapter would be...	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
What about me of today would surprise my younger self?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
What is one of my favorite childhood memories? Why?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	1
What were the most traumatic experiences in my life? How have these events shaped me?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	2
What characteristics of my childhood do I want to keep or let go of in my adult life?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	2
What have I recently learned about myself?	Self-Awareness	Integration	Core Identity	4
What memories am I actively feeding? Which stories about myself do I keep retelling?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	2
If I could choose which memories shaped me most, which would I select and why?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	2
What story do I tell myself about who I am that might not be serving me anymore?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	2
Write about a memory that feels more important than it should. What does it represent?	Self-Awareness	Creative	Core Identity	2
What patterns do I notice when I look back at my recent journal entries?	Self-Awareness	Integration	Core Identity	4
How have my core beliefs evolved over time?	Self-Awareness	Integration	Core Identity	4
What truth about myself am I avoiding looking at directly?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	2
What am I pretending not to know?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Core Identity	2
List music that speaks to my soul.	Self-Awareness	Creative	Core Identity	1
These tracks are on the soundtrack to my life:	Self-Awareness	Creative	Core Identity	1
What am I processing that others don't see?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Present Moment	1
What challenges am I currently facing?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Present Moment	1
Where do I feel alignment in my life?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Present Moment	1
What am I overthinking lately?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Present Moment	1
With present moment awareness I ...	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Present Moment	1
How can I be more present with myself, others, and my environment?	Self-Awareness	Action	Present Moment	1
How can I let go of the past and the future to be more present?	Self-Awareness	Action	Present Moment	1
Write about a time I spent in nature.	Self-Awareness	Creative	Present Moment	3
How can I better align my actions with my intentions?	Self-Awareness	Action	Present Moment	4
How can I be in the flow more often?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Present Moment	1
How can I share my inner light more? What stops me?	Self-Awareness	Action	Present Moment	2
How is the universe conspiring for me?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Present Moment	3
My heart is telling me...	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Present Moment	1
What if I did what makes me happy?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Present Moment	3
What if I weren't scared?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Present Moment	2
What makes my inner light shine?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Present Moment	3
The first song lyric that pops in my mind is...	Self-Awareness	Creative	Present Moment	1
What memory is influencing how I'm showing up today?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Present Moment	1
Which version of myself from the past do I need to have a conversation with right now?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Present Moment	2
What story from my past is ready to be rewritten?	Self-Awareness	Action	Present Moment	2
What am I learning about myself through my current challenges?	Self-Awareness	Integration	Present Moment	4
Draw or describe the landscape of my inner world right now.	Self-Awareness	Creative	Present Moment	1
What season of life am I in?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Present Moment	1
What transition am I currently navigating?	Self-Awareness	Reflection	Present Moment	2
How do I honor natural cycles in my growth?	Self-Awareness	Action	Present Moment	3
How can I exercise my control?	Emotional Growth	Action	Emotional Awareness	1
I am feeling...	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Emotional Awareness	1
What am I feeling a lot of lately?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Emotional Awareness	1
What am I grateful for right now?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Emotional Awareness	3
What am I having difficulty accepting? Why is it important to find acceptance?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Emotional Awareness	2
What do I take for granted?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Emotional Awareness	1
What feelings have been consuming me lately?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Emotional Awareness	2
What is in my control?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Emotional Awareness	1
When I accept how I feel it makes me...	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Emotional Awareness	1
When I want to feel differently than I do feel it makes me...	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Emotional Awareness	1
Why don't I write more frequently?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Emotional Awareness	1
What am I pretending not to know?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Emotional Awareness	2
If my emotions were weather, what's the current forecast?	Emotional Growth	Creative	Emotional Awareness	1
What feelings am I comfortable expressing? Which ones do I hide?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Emotional Awareness	2
How do I process difficult emotions differently now than I used to?	Emotional Growth	Integration	Emotional Awareness	4
List music that makes me feel introspective.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Emotional Awareness	1
List music that makes me feel joyful.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Emotional Awareness	3
List music that makes me want to move my body.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Emotional Awareness	3
Write a thank you letter to someone who deserves it.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Emotional Awareness	3
Write about a recent memory that makes me smile.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Emotional Awareness	3
Write about a time I felt conflicted.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Emotional Awareness	2
Write about a time I felt connected to community.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Emotional Awareness	3
Write about a time I felt happy.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Emotional Awareness	3
Write about a time I felt on top of the world.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Emotional Awareness	3
Write about a time I felt scared.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Emotional Awareness	2
Write about a time I comforted myself.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	3
Write about a time I faced fear with courage.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	3
Write about a time I felt empowered.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	3
Write about a time I felt safe.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	3
Write about a time I felt useful.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	3
Write about a time I pulled myself out of depression. How did I do it?	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	3
Write about a time it felt like things were spiraling out of control? How did I change things?	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	3
How can I help myself heal?	Emotional Growth	Action	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
How can I learn to accept every single bit of myself?	Emotional Growth	Action	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
How can I let go of unrequited love?	Emotional Growth	Action	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
How can I treat myself better?	Emotional Growth	Action	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
How does holding onto unrequited love serve me?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
How was I nice to myself today? How was I mean to myself today?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	1
The hardest part of being my friend is...	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What about me is hard to share with others? Why?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What boundaries can I set to create space for myself?	Emotional Growth	Action	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What causes my pain?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What do I hate about myself?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What do I hate to request but love to receive?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What do I love about myself that's not a physical trait?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	1
What do I need to forgive myself for? Why? How?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What do I need? How can I give myself what I need?	Emotional Growth	Action	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What harmful coping mechanisms can I let go of?	Emotional Growth	Action	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What have I recently outgrown?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	4
What if I didn't care what other people think about me?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What if I loved myself unconditionally?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What important boundary do I need to set?	Emotional Growth	Action	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What is one step I can take to release something that no longer serves me?	Emotional Growth	Action	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What is the root cause of my suffering?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What needs do I have that I'm not communicating?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What practices do I need to practice more often? Why?	Emotional Growth	Action	Self-Love & Boundaries	4
What secrets do I want to take to the grave? Secrets from who? Why?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What trauma remains from my past relationship(s)?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
When I compare how it feels to say 'I love you' to myself versus others it feels...	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
Why do I feel worthless? How can learn to value myself?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What would I discover if I stopped managing everyone else's emotions?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What is my relationship with my body?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	1
How do I honor my physical needs?	Emotional Growth	Action	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What does my body try to tell me that I ignore?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
How do I express myself through movement, touch, or physical presence?	Emotional Growth	Action	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
What have I learned from being single?	Emotional Growth	Integration	Self-Love & Boundaries	4
What have I learned from dating?	Emotional Growth	Integration	Self-Love & Boundaries	4
What is the best lesson I've learned from a past relationship?	Emotional Growth	Integration	Self-Love & Boundaries	4
Write a good-bye letter to an unrequited love.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
Write a letter from future me about letting go of something that no longer serves me.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
Write a letter from future me that forgives me.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
Write a letter to my toxic monster, the negative voice inside my head.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
Write a letter to my younger self.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
Write a love letter to my future self.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	3
Write a love letter to my younger self.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	3
Write a love letter to myself.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	3
Write a thank you letter to myself.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	3
Write about a time I missed warning signs. Why did I miss the signs? What have I learned?	Emotional Growth	Creative	Self-Love & Boundaries	2
How can I be more vulnerable?	Emotional Growth	Action	Vulnerability & Connection	2
If I were more vulnerable I might gain...	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Vulnerability & Connection	2
What barriers have I constructed to protect my vulnerabilities?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Vulnerability & Connection	2
Who in my life holds safe space for me to be vulnerable?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Vulnerability & Connection	1
What would I share if I knew I wouldn't be judged?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Vulnerability & Connection	2
How do I sabotage intimacy? What am I protecting myself from?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Vulnerability & Connection	2
What parts of myself do I hide even from people who love me?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Vulnerability & Connection	2
How can I practice being seen without performing?	Emotional Growth	Action	Vulnerability & Connection	2
How have my recent insights changed the way I show up in relationships?	Emotional Growth	Integration	Vulnerability & Connection	4
What patterns do I notice in my friendships?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Vulnerability & Connection	2
How do I handle conflict with family members?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Vulnerability & Connection	2
What do I contribute to toxic relationship dynamics?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Vulnerability & Connection	2
How do I show up differently with different people?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Vulnerability & Connection	2
How do I handle workplace relationships and boundaries?	Emotional Growth	Action	Vulnerability & Connection	2
What do I wish I could say to someone but haven't? Why?	Emotional Growth	Reflection	Vulnerability & Connection	2
Write about a time someone's vulnerability changed how I saw them.	Emotional Growth	Creative	Vulnerability & Connection	3
How can I be a better member of my communities?	Life Direction	Action	Purpose & Direction	4
How can I build my confidence? How can I build confidence in others?	Life Direction	Action	Purpose & Direction	4
How can I remove the roadblocks I create for myself?	Life Direction	Action	Purpose & Direction	4
How do I want to inspire/empower others?	Life Direction	Action	Purpose & Direction	4
I want to attract...	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	1
I want to be...	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	1
I want to improve...	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	1
If I could be the human of my dreams, I would	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	1
What about my life do I want to stay the same? What do I want to change?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	1
What about myself do I want to let go of?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	2
What am I curious about?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	1
What do I need to do to get to where I want to be? What's stopping me?	Life Direction	Action	Purpose & Direction	2
What do I want people to say about me at my funeral and wake?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	1
What does 'success' mean to me?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	1
What goal do I have that is so big I'm scared to share it with others?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	2
What is holding me back?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	2
What should I do? Says who? Why? What might I like to do instead?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	2
What's holding me back from pursuing my ideas and goals?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	2
How has my understanding of my purpose evolved over time?	Life Direction	Integration	Purpose & Direction	4
What wants to be created through me?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	2
How do I express my authentic voice?	Life Direction	Action	Purpose & Direction	2
What would I create if I weren't afraid of judgment?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	2
What does failure teach me about myself?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	2
How do I sabotage my own success?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	2
What risk am I avoiding and why?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	2
What small changes would improve my daily experience?	Life Direction	Action	Purpose & Direction	1
How do my daily routines reflect my values?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	2
How do I handle mundane responsibilities?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	1
Write a letter to my fears.	Life Direction	Creative	Purpose & Direction	2
Write a letter to my hopes and dreams.	Life Direction	Creative	Purpose & Direction	3
Write my obituary.	Life Direction	Creative	Purpose & Direction	1
Create a playlist for the person I'm becoming.	Life Direction	Creative	Purpose & Direction	3
How can I create a career from my purpose?	Life Direction	Action	Purpose & Direction	4
What can I do to achieve my purpose?	Life Direction	Action	Purpose & Direction	4
What is my purpose?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	1
How can I bring my behavior and decisions in better alignment with my values?	Life Direction	Action	Purpose & Direction	4
What do I value?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	1
What was I taught to value?	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	1
When I am not living in alignment with my values it feels like...	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	2
When I live in alignment with my values it feels like...	Life Direction	Reflection	Purpose & Direction	3
What is my relationship with death and mortality?	Life Direction	Reflection	Spirituality & Meaning	2
How do I find meaning in suffering?	Life Direction	Reflection	Spirituality & Meaning	2
What do I believe about the nature of reality?	Life Direction	Reflection	Spirituality & Meaning	3
How do I connect with something larger than myself?	Life Direction	Action	Spirituality & Meaning	2
What gives my life meaning beyond personal achievement?	Life Direction	Reflection	Spirituality & Meaning	2
How can I let go of my addiction?	Breaking Patterns	Action	Breaking Patterns	2
What am I addicted to? How does this serve me?	Breaking Patterns	Reflection	Breaking Patterns	2
What can I learn from my addiction?	Breaking Patterns	Integration	Breaking Patterns	2
What if I let go of my addiction?	Breaking Patterns	Reflection	Breaking Patterns	2
What is one step I can take to let go of my addiction?	Breaking Patterns	Action	Breaking Patterns	2
Write a letter to my addiction.	Breaking Patterns	Creative	Breaking Patterns	2
How can I accept, embrace, and learn to work with the way my brain works?	Breaking Patterns	Action	Breaking Patterns	2
I have been told or wondered if I have this disorder(s):	Breaking Patterns	Reflection	Breaking Patterns	2
What am I holding onto that is harmful to me? Why? What if I let it go?	Breaking Patterns	Reflection	Breaking Patterns	2
What am I lying to myself about? Why?	Breaking Patterns	Reflection	Breaking Patterns	2
What if I let go of my disorder?	Breaking Patterns	Reflection	Breaking Patterns	2
What is my most toxic pattern of behavior? How does it serve me?	Breaking Patterns	Reflection	Breaking Patterns	2
What is one step I can take to let go of my disorder?	Breaking Patterns	Action	Breaking Patterns	2
What purpose does my disorder serve? How is it trying to help me?	Breaking Patterns	Reflection	Breaking Patterns	2
What thing(s) do I want to get rid of that I find difficult to let go?	Breaking Patterns	Reflection	Breaking Patterns	2
Write a letter to my disorder.	Breaking Patterns	Creative	Breaking Patterns	2
What can I learn from a recent painful experience?	Breaking Patterns	Integration	Breaking Patterns	2
What can my attachments teach me?	Breaking Patterns	Integration	Breaking Patterns	2
What is the hardest thing loving has taught me?	Breaking Patterns	Integration	Breaking Patterns	2
What's the hardest truth I have had to accept recently? What did this teach me?	Breaking Patterns	Integration	Breaking Patterns	2
What themes keep appearing in my life? What are they trying to teach me?	Breaking Patterns	Integration	Breaking Patterns	4
How do I use my pain as an identity? What would I be without it?	Breaking Patterns	Reflection	Breaking Patterns	2
What patterns connect my various struggles?	Breaking Patterns	Integration	Breaking Patterns	4
What's one micro-habit I can change today to disrupt my toxic pattern?	Breaking Patterns	Action	Breaking Patterns	2
How can I practice responding instead of reacting this week?	Breaking Patterns	Action	Breaking Patterns	2
What would I do differently if I approached this pattern with curiosity instead of judgment?	Breaking Patterns	Action	Breaking Patterns	2
Write a fairy tale where the hero has my biggest struggle.	Breaking Patterns	Creative	Breaking Patterns	2
How do all aspects of my growth work together?	Breaking Patterns	Integration	Breaking Patterns	4
